Remove extra brackets in line 201 (#11091)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/tutorial/part-six/index.md

need.

In your index page's GraphQL query, change `allMarkdownRemark` to

> `allMarkdownRemark(sort: { fields: frontmatter___date, order: DESC })`. _Note: There are 3 underscores between `frontmatter` and `date`._ Save the index.js file and restart the development server. Now the sort order should be fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`allMarkdownRemark(sort: { fields: frontmatter___date, order: DESC })`. _Note: There are 3 underscores between `frontmatter` and `date`.
Now the sort order should be fixed. Save this and restart the development server.
```
